refactor(examples): reorganize runnable cases and fixture data (#172)
ORNL-MDF/Myna: examples/README.md

# Examples

Myna example content is organized by purpose:

- `cases/` contains runnable workflow cases and standalone script examples.
- `databases/` contains sample build databases and fixture data used by the cases.

> - `shared/` contains resources reused across cases, such as example workspace files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `apps/` contains example workflows for applications.
- `databases/` contains example workflows for databases (exemplified with individual apps).
- `workspaces/` contains example workspace files (used across many specific examples).
```

Author: Thanks. I agree there is value in leaving room for a future `utils/` area for Python API examples like the current meshing script.

For this PR, I’m inclined to keep `cases/` rather than rename to `apps/`, since these directories are organized around runnable Myna workflows rather than around a single application, and Gerry’s follow-up pointed in that direction as well. I’d also prefer to avoid a second naming change in this PR unless we want to make a broader structure decision.

If we want to introduce `utils/` and/or rename `shared/` to something narrower like `workspaces/`, that seems better as a separate follow-up once we settle the overall examples taxonomy.

Reviewer: 1. I agree on keeping cases/ since any example could be multiple apps 
2. We should add `utils/` and move `openfoam_meshing_script`. It is a fundamentally different example and it is better to avoid renaming files many times
3. `workspaces/` is more clear and direct than `shared/` and there are no plans for putting other shared items there

Author: Addressed in `dd47a70`.

This keeps `cases/`, adds `examples/utils/` for standalone Python API examples, moves `openfoam_meshing_script` there, and renames `examples/shared/` to `examples/workspaces/`. The top-level examples docs now reflect that structure.
